/* Name: Ji Eun Han       
 * Assignment Number: Project 03
 * Section: Mon, Wed 12:30 
 * Lab TA: Jack, Sofia, Xena
 * I collaborated with Mackenzie Lee. 
 */
 
 <User's Guide> FireworksApp class 
 
 When the user runs the program, a window will pop up asking the user to choose a angle and speed of fire work launch 
 as well as the time delay, which is the time it takes before the fire work actually explodes. After user slides the values for 
 each categories, the window then asks the user to pick a color as well as type of the explosion with the options for each categories 
 listed as JRadioButtons. Lastly, the user is asked to choose the launch position. "Center" position is how the user can launch 
 the fire work from the mid-bottom point of the window. "Left" position is where the user can launch from bottom left half of 
 the window with "right" position as bottom right half of the window. After all these conditions are filled with a value, user 
 may press the "launch" button to launch the fire work. Then, the window will prompt the user with how many seconds are left until
 the explosion and after the seconds run out, another window will pop up with the graphics of the fire work (launch path and the 
 actual explosion). 
 
 <Step by Step explanation of program> FireworksApp class
 
 in the public FireworksApp class, I created a frame of 500 by 600 that will display the conditions stated in the user guide above
 (such as angle, speed, time delay, etc.). As a slider, the user can drag the square of the number line to choose the angle, speed, 
 time as well as position of launch of choosing. With a JRadioButton, I let the user choose one and only one option out of all 
 those available in the color and type of explosion category. 
 
 For those with a button (this is including the launch button as well as the JRadioButton options of color and type of explosion), 
 the program will jump to the actionPerformed method. Here, I assigned  the condition that if a certain button is chosen, a color is 
 assigned to the variable fireworkcolor. Also, I assigned the pressing of the launch button to open up a new class of projectileapp that 
 creates another window with size of 600 by 600 that will include the graphics part of the fireworks. The timer function is for the 
 countdown aspect of the program where the prompt window will display how many seconds are left before explosion.  
 
 In the paintComponent, the program calls upon the color of which the variable fireworkcolor was assigned to depending on the user's choice 
 of button. This is also where I created an array of points xpoints[i]. ypoints[i] that will draw out the individual points and to connect those points up to 
 where the exact point of explosion is. This is also where I created various shapes and lines to draw out the type of fire work explosion 
 that the users choice in the first window. 
 
 If the user chose Ripple Explosion, there will be series of circles of larger radiuses that will be displayed. For Square explosion, there will 
 be series of square with larger widths and heights. Sunlight Explosion will display several sets of shapes that include a circle in the center and 
 set of lines that expand from that center point of the circle. Flower Explosion will display series of 5, 6 filled ovals that will take form of a flower. 
 The bubble explosion will display overlap of circles that are slowly expanding in four separate ways like bubbles expanding. 
 
 
 
 